Delivered-To: stevenharyanto@gmail.com
Return-Path: <no-reply@idp.com>
From: <no-reply@idp.com>
To: <stevenharyanto@gmail.com>
Date: Wed, 3 Aug 2016 15:31:00 +1000
Subject: IELTS Essentials payment confirmation
Message-ID: <5f5c0f890e23433a9ac8d324ef600151@CBR-EXC03.idp.com>
Return-Path: no-reply@idp.com
X-MC-Unique: eVw9RnO4MoWNYJFUe3aEkg-13
Content-Type: multipart/alternative;
	boundary="--boundary_47824_321b4ee8-f065-4370-8383-b92c4759b76c"

Dear Mr Steven Haryanto,

Thank you for registration and payment of $205.00 for your IELTS Test, Academic
Module on 13 Aug 2016 at IELTS Centre - IDP South Jakarta.

Please check your test venue again in your registration account to ensure where
you take the test and find below some important requirements about the test:

1. For Standard IELTS, IELTS for UKVI and IELTS Life Skills Tests; please have
your photo taken and finger scanned on the test day for all venues. Do Not
forget to bring your original ID (KTP/Passport) as submitted online.

2. The test will be conducted on the same day for Listening, Reading, Writing
and Speaking (except for IDP Bandung)

3. All Candidates must arrive at the test location at 7.30 am for registration
(except IELTS Life Skills test). You will not be permitted to sit for the test
if you arrive late and your test fee will not be refunded.

4. IELTS for UKVI and Standard IELTS Testing at IDP Pondok Indah:

a). The Listening, Reading and Writing test will be at the Raffles International
Christian School (07.30am - 12.00pm) Jl. Gedung Hijau Raya I no. 1 Pondok Indah
Jakarta Selatan (except for IELTS test date: 23 Jan, 20 Feb, 2 Apr, 19 May, 4
Jun, 16 Jul & 13 Oct 2016. We will inform the venue again to your email).

b). Speaking Test will be at IDP IELTS South Jakarta office, Plaza 5 Pondok
Indah Blok D19 Jl. Margaguna Raya, Jakarta Selatan started at 1pm.

For Other Venues except IDP Pondok Indah; the tests are conducted at the same
venue.

5. For IELTS Life Skills Test in Jakarta is at IDP IELTS South Jakarta office
and IELTS Life Skills Test in Bali is at The British Institute (TBI) Bali, Jl.
PB. Sudirman No.6, Denpasar, Bali. The schedule will be informed five days
before the test day. The candidate must come 30 minutes before stand by time.

6. You must bring your ORIGINAL IDENTITY (KTP/PASSPORT), pencil 2B, eraser and
payment receipt. Your original identity will be checked on the day of the test.
You must present the same identity (KTP/Passport) document that you used when
you registered for the test. You will not be allowed to take the IELTS Test if
you Do Not bring your Original Identity and No refund.

7. On the test day, you will be under examinations; therefore please dress
properly; No short pants, sandals and tank top are allowed.

8. NO personal belongings are allowed inside the examination room; all
belongings must be given-in at the registration desk.

9. You are not permitted to have hand phones or any electronic devices during
the test. All hand phones must be switched off and kept inside your personal
bag.

10. If you would like to transfer/cancel the test, you must inform us in writing
no later than five (5) weeks before the test date. Transfer of test dates are
allowed ONCE ONLY. Candidates who wish to transfer test dates within the five
(5)-week period prior to the test dates will be treated as cancellation and
receive NO REFUND. Candidates who are absent on the test day without giving
prior written notice will lose their full test fee. However, if the absence is
caused by illness or serius causes, the supporting document such as medical
report, police report, etc has to be provided within five (5) calender days to
IELTS IDP staff after the test day.

11. IELTS for UKVI and Standard IELTS Tests Results (TRF = Test Report Form) can
be obtained 13 days after the test date at IDP Offices in Jakarta. For
candidates outside of JABODETABEK area, results are mailed to offsite testing on
the 13th day. For IELTS Life Skills test results are normally available within 7
days of your test. The candidate must show the original ID when taking the TRF.
But if the candidate asks to take the TRF, he/she must provide one of the
options below: a). Original ID of an IELTS candidate. b). The Authosation Letter
(Surat Kuasa) and copies of IELTS candidates and TRF taker's IDs.

12 You can check your UKVI SELT and Standard IELTS Tests Result online by
visting the website: www.idp.com/indonesia/ielts. Your IELTS Result is usually
available on-line 13 days after your test date and will remain available for 28
days thereafter.

13. The Candidate will receive only one (1) original TRF. There will be no
replacement of damaged and lost certificates or certificates that have been sent
to the institution by the candidate. A candidate may request additional TRFs to
be sent to an institution and it must be sent by ID017- IDP South Jakarta
Centre. The fee for each additional TRF is IDR. 25,000. Courier fees will be
charged for TRFs sent either within Indonesia or overseas.

14. Please note that once the test is finished, the papers and answers sheets
cannot be shown to the candidate. The candidate can only see the results on the
TRF or online.

15. The IELTS for UKVI and Standard IELTS Tests Result can be re-marked (Enquire
on Result). The candidate may apply one or more sections of the IELTS Result to
be re-marked. Application for a re-mark is sent to IDP - IELTS Australia in
Melbourne. Marking is done by a Senior IELTS Examiner. For the re-marking,
requests must be made no more than 6 weeks after the test date and the original
TRF must be submitted to IELTS IDP South Jakarta (ID017). The re-marking fee is
AUD 160. Please note that the enquire on Result (EoR) can take up to eight (8)
weeks to complete. If result is changed; the candidate will get a full refund of
AUD 160. If there is no change then there is no refund. Results can only be
changed upwards.

16. Before completing the registration, please read the Terms and Conditions on
your my.ieltsessentials.com account.

17. For more tips and tools to help you prepare the test, please visit
www.ieltsessentials.com

IDP South Jakarta (ID017) test centre would like to take this opportunity to
wish you success in your IELTS Test.
